One minute to showtime.
[crowd cheering]
BroZone, BroZone, BroZone.
BroZone! BroZone, yeah!
[audience member 1]
We love you, BroZone!
All right, guys. We're gonna
open with "Girl, Baby, Baby"
and close with
"Baby, Baby, Girl."
Wait, no.
That doesn't sound right. Ooh!
I got it.
Open with "Baby, Baby, Girl,"
close with
"Baby, Baby, Girl, Woman."
Yes! [laughing]
We are gonna make
boy band history tonight.
- [groaning] 510. 511. 512.
- Love it, Brother.
I wanna see a hundred more
of those by showtime, Spruce.
Those abs need
to be poppin', baby.
- Oh! Come on.
- [twinkling]
God, I wanna boil an egg
on those abs.
John Dory, do I really have
to keep wearing these things?
Yes, you do, Clay.
They're funderdrawers.
It's underwear,
but 76% more fun.
Let's see those dance moves, Brother.
Fine.
Rusty Robot, into Wiggle Worm,
end on Caliente Puppet. Yeah.
Bro, you look stressed. Breathe.
Well, of course I'm stressed, Floyd.
It's the first show of the tour.
We have to hit
the perfect family harmony.
- We promised the fans.
- Okay, calm down.
You're making
Baby Branch nervous.
[crowd chanting]
BroZone! BroZone!
[John Dory] What? Nervous?
No, no, no.
He's not allowed to be nervous.
He's gotta be perfect.
Cut him some slack, John Dory.
It's his first show.
[grunting] Come on, abs.
Hey, Branch. How you feeling?
I feel like I'm gonna barf
and pass out and...
Pee your pants all at once?
How'd you know?
Ah,
you got the pre-show jitters.
Completely normal.
Everyone gets 'em. You wanna
know what I do when I get 'em?
Barf, pass out
and pee your pants?
[chuckles] I remember
that I'm with my brothers,
and that when we come together,
there is nothing
that we can't do.
But no one's ever hit the
perfect family harmony before.
Is it true
it can shatter diamonds?
Yeah. It's that powerful.
All right, boys, just remember,
no matter what you do,
follow my lead.
Or maybe,
let's just go out there
and have fun together.
It's just so much pressure.
[gulps]
Ten seconds!
A-And what happens
if we can't hit it?
Oh, that's not an option.
If we can't hit
the perfect family harmony,
we aren't perfect.
And if we aren't perfect,
we're nothing.
Just follow my lead,
and the harmony will happen.
[music playing]
Let's bro!
[announcer] Ladies
and gentlemen, here they are.
The heartthrob.
The fun boy.
The sensitive one.
The leader.
And the baby.
Give it up for BroZone!
♪ Well, there she goes ♪
♪ On the floor, let's do this
No more talkin' ♪
[screaming]
♪ Did anybody notice ♪
♪ The energy just shifted
When we dropped in ♪
♪ Ooh, let it drop in, hmm ♪
♪ I don't flex, but I might ♪
♪ Groove about
To take flight ♪
♪ Take flight ♪
♪ 'Cause the night is young
And the music's on ♪
♪ And we got love on sight ♪
♪ The sky was the limit ♪
♪ Now the stars
Where we livin' ♪
♪ It's the vibe
When we're in it ♪
- ♪ It'll blow your mind ♪
- [screaming] Bitty B!
♪ It's so perfect,
Perfect, perfect ♪
♪ A hundred percent ♪
♪ Put us together... ♪
Okay, great. It's working.
Yes. Come on, guys.
♪ ...perfect, perfect
Harmony so cold ♪
What's he doing?
This isn't my choreo.
♪ You'll never ever
Wanna let it ♪
- ♪ Go ♪
♪ Go ♪
[grunting]
[screaming]
Whoa!
[grunting]
[screaming]
- Bro!
- [shouts]
Ladies and gentlemen,
please stand by.
Uh, we're experiencing,
uh, some stuff.
- [beeping]
- Hey. At least we didn't fall.
- [grunting]
- [crowd gasping]
We fell.
[curtain rattling]
See what happens
when you don't follow my lead?
Dude,
that is exactly what happens
when we follow your lead.
Oh, so it's my fault.
Is that what you're saying?
I know we can reach
the perfect family harmony.
What if we don't want to?
Yeah, dude.
This used to be fun.
Now it's all about
being perfect.
You know what? I'm done
playing the heartthrob.
My exquisitely chiselled,
rock-hard abs and I quit.
I quit too,
and you can keep these.
I'm more than just the fun one.
I'm in a sad book club.
Did you know that?
A sad book club.
I'm gonna find trolls
who take me seriously.
Fine. I don't need this.
I'm out. I'm done. I'm sorry.
I'm gonna go hike the
Neverglade Trail by myself.
Bro-lone. [grunting]
Yeah, that's right.
Bro-bro going solo.
YOLO.
Goodbye forever.
- [screaming, grunting]
- [thudding]
Fine. I'm out of here.
- [John Dory] Later, losers.
- Same here.
Guys, please. Come on.
[sighing]
It's my fault.
I ruined everything.
N-No, no. Branch,
this is not your fault.
[sighing] We're not in sync.
We've gone from boys to men,
and now there's only
one direction for us to go:
the backstreets.
[Baby Branch]
But not you, Floyd?
You're not leaving too?
Not forever.
I'll be back. I promise.
But right now, I...
I have to follow my heart.
It's telling me that it's time
to start a solo career.
But what am I gonna do?
Branch, you are gonna do the
most important thing of all.
You're gonna...
take care of Grandma.
Oh, come on, Branch.
Let's play some rummy.
But I won't let you win,
because I play for the money.
You might have to let her win.
Occasionally.
When you miss me,
you can wear this.
It'll be like
I'm right here with you.
And when you come back,
we'll make our hideout.
Definitely.
Wow! Is that
a ten-story water slide?
Yeah. That's how we shower.
[giggling]
Well, we better keep this
in a safe place.
[sighing]
I'll see you soon, Baby Branch.
Bye.
See you later.
♪ ...about to take flight
'Cause the night is young ♪
♪ And the music's on
And we got love on sight ♪
♪ Sky was the limit ♪
♪ Now the stars
Where we livin' ♪
♪ It's the vibe
When we're in it ♪
♪ It'll blow your mind ♪
♪ It's so perfect,
Perfect, perfect ♪
♪ A hundred percent ♪
[clears throat] Branch.
- What? Oh. Hey.
- [record scratching]
Are you all right?
You're smiling
and crying at the same time.
It kinda looks like
it's hurting your face.
It does hurt my face.
I guess I'm just missing my,
um... [clears throat] ...grandma.
I was just listening
to some of her old records.
BroZone? [gasping]
No way. I love BroZone.
Really? I mean, really?
I didn't know
you liked them too.
I don't.
I'm actually hate-listening.
It's a new thing.
My grandma
had very questionable taste.
I mean, just look at how
she decorated this place.
I'm sorry,
but there are some things
that shouldn't be macraméd.
Am I right?
Um, kinda seems
like there's something
you're not telling me.
- What? Pfft. Be silly. No.
- Hey.
I need you to be real with me.
It seems like more than
a macramé issue. [chuckles]
If you're having feelings,
you can talk about them with me.
Okay. [sighs]
You're right.
Oh, hey. Look at the time.
We're gonna be late
to the royal wedding.
- Let's go get married.
- Branch!
What? I mean, let's get
Bridget and Gristle married.
Yeah... [chuckles] Oh.
'Cause it would be weird
if we got married. [chuckles]
- Yeah. So weird. Duh.
- Wow. The weirdest. Ha.
It's, like,
weird that we're still talking
about how weird it was.
- It's, like, 15 seconds later.
- Yeah.
- Blech.
- Duh.
- [squeaks]
[music playing]
♪ Hey ♪
♪ Ooh, yeah ♪
♪ Keep it coming, love
Keep it coming, love ♪
♪ Don't stop it now
Don't stop it, no ♪
♪ Don't stop it now,
Don't stop ♪
♪ Keep it coming, love ♪
[trolls] ♪ We are family ♪
♪ Don't stop it now
Don't stop it, no ♪
♪ Got my brothers
And my sisters with me ♪
♪ Everyone can see
We're together ♪
♪ As we walk on by ♪
♪ And we fly just like
Birds of a feather ♪
♪ I won't tell no lie ♪
[trolls] ♪ We are family ♪
♪ All of the people
About us they say ♪
♪ Can they be that close? ♪
[trolls] ♪ We are family ♪
♪ Just let me state
For the record ♪
♪ We're giving love
In a family dose ♪
♪ Push it real good ♪
Oh, boy. That was a crazy
bachelor party. [grunting]
Cloud Guy don't feel so good.
- ♪ Brush it ♪
- ♪ Wax it ♪
- ♪ Shave it ♪
♪ Push it real good ♪
Yo, looking sick, King G.
You could say that again.
♪ I do my hair toss
Check my nails ♪
- ♪ Baby, how you feelin'? ♪
- ♪ Feelin' good as... ♪
♪ I do my hair toss
Check my nails ♪
- ♪ Baby, how you feelin'? ♪
- ♪ Feelin' good as... ♪
♪ Hello ♪
♪ It's me he's looking for ♪
Yeah, it is!
♪ I can see it in his eyes ♪
Now let's get this dress right.
Uh, no.
Uh-uh. No, next.
[gasping] Satin, Chenille.
- Fashion...
- ...emergency.
Look at you, Tiny Diamond.
You make
the cutest little flower boy.
[scoffs] Come on, Daddy.
I'm not a baby anymore.
I'm the cutest
little flower man.
But, Tiny,
you're only a month old.
[imitating fanfare]
♪ Everybody treats me
Like I'm just a little baby ♪
♪ But I'm walking
And I'm talking on the daily ♪
♪ I'm rolling dice ♪
♪ Drinking coffee
Getting wild ♪
♪ Daddy, I'm a man now
Not a little child ♪
Come on, guys. It's time.
Ooh! Balloons!
♪ We are family
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah ♪
♪ I got all my sisters
With me ♪
♪ We are family ♪
♪ Get up everybody and sing ♪
♪ Get up, get up, get up ♪
♪ We are family ♪
♪ Hey, yeah ♪
♪ I got all my sisters
With me ♪
♪ Feeling good as hell ♪
♪ We are family ♪
♪ Get up everybody and sing ♪
♪ Sing it to me
Sing it to me ♪
♪ Sing it to me ♪
[gasping] Oh.
- Bridget.
- [gasps] Poppy!
You look so beautiful.
Thank you so much
for being my maid of honor.
I couldn't have done this
without you.
Oh, of course, Bridget.
I love you like a sister. Probably.
I don't have a sister, so I
wouldn't know. Which is fine.
It's something I'm coming
to terms with. Slowly.
Uh, Poppy?
Can we maybe unpack the sister
thing after the vows?
Aah! Yeah. No. Of course.
You go get him, girl.
Before I do.
[crowd] Oh.
[gasping, whimpering]
Like a beautiful angel
sent from heaven.
[sniffles]
[harmonizing]
- [harmonizing stops]
- [grunting]
[harmonizing continues]
Hey, Bridget, you still
have time to run for it.
- [chuckling]
- Very funny, Aunt Smead.
I'm so glad you could make it.
Dearly beloved,
we are gathered here today
to celebrate the sweet,
sweet love of Bridget...
hey, girl...
and Mr. Yummy-Tummy himself,
King Gristle.
Now, falling in love is easy.
We've all done it. [chuckles]
I've done it a hundred times.
Thousands, even,
if you count that semester
I spent abroad.
[John Dory] Stop the wedding!
[crowd gasping]
Uh, Bridget,
do you know this guy?
I can't remember
all my suitors, Grissy.
[grunting, screaming]
[groans]
Sorry, is this bad timing?
[gasping]
I'm just trying
to find a troll named...
[screams] Baby Branch!
Uh, you're making a mistake,
stranger-that-looks-
similar-to-me.
There's no Branch here.
Look at you. You got so big.
You're not a branch anymore.
You're more like a trunk.
Junk in the trunk.
- Ow!
- [crowd gasping]
I bet you I can still pick
you up. Come on. [grunting]
- Ooh, you got heavy.
- Aah!
[yelps] There goes my back.
Oh! Charley horse. Oh, God.
Two charley horses.
Hey. Stop right there.
You put my boyfriend down.
Tell us who you are
and what you want.
- [grunting] Ow.
- Hey. [chuckles] What up?
[sighing] You're right.
Totally rude of me.
Didn't introduce myself.
[grunting]
I'm Branch's brother.
- [crowd gasping]
- What?
Ooh, drama! Corn me, Dinkles.
[squeaks]
Correction:
Used to be my brother.
Not anymore.
Hey, um, remember earlier
when I said you should open up
to me and be real?
Well...
You could've started
by telling me
you had a secret brother!
- Former brother.
- That's not how DNA works!
Dad, did you know about this?
Huh? What would I know
about secret family members?
[chuckles]
Oh, my gosh.
I was being so rude.
I've never met anyone
from Branch's family before.
I'm Poppy, Branch's girlfriend.
Should we hug, fist-bump,
smile and wave for now
and see where
the night takes us?
All of the above. [chuckles]
Wait, I know you.
You're the guy from BroZone!
We were just listening to them.
Yeah, BroZone!
Wait. Wait, wait, wait.
Don't tell me, um...
Okay, well,
you're not the heartthrob.
Well, that's your opinion. I...
The fun one?
No, you're kind of uptight.
Uptight?
Hmm.
Not the sensitive one either.
Okay, a lot of assumptions
for someone
you just met 30 seconds ago...
Oh, oh! I've got it.
You're John Dory.
- The leader.
- The old one!
[sighs]
Uh, sorry to interrupt, but we
lose the venue at 11:00, so...
Shh, I'm trying to listen.
Very hot gossip.
So, if... if you're
Branch's bro, then that means
that all the other BroZone bros
are Branch's bros too.
[gasping] Branch,
how come you never told me?
Because it's complicated.
Oh, sweetie.
'Cause you weren't in the band.
Branch was in the band
all right.
What? No way.
Which one was he?
- Bitty B.
- Bitty B?
No, that's impossible.
- Bitty B had glasses.
- Oh, and a diaper.
[harmonizing]
And a falsetto made of gold.
Not that anyone cared.
But that's all in the past.
Because they stopped
being my brothers
the day they walked out on me
and never came back.
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
That's not fair, Branch.
I did come back,
but no one was there.
It wasn't until I heard about
you saving the world
from the rock apocalypse
that I realized
you were even still alive.
Oh, that's... That's so sweet.
He realized I was still alive.
Twenty years too late!
Hi. Sorry. He gets hangry
if he skips breakfast.
I had breakfast.
It was avocado toast
with two poached eggs,
some cayenne for a little kick.
And you know what?
It was delightful.
Branch,
what's going on with you?
The question
we should be asking is,
what's going on with him?
I bet you he's only here
because he needs something.
That's not true.
He's your brother.
Branch, I'm gonna be straight
with you. I need something.
And there it is.
Come on, man. I'm trying here.
Wait... Wait. Hold up, Branch.
It's about Floyd.
What do you mean?
He's in danger, man.
I hadn't heard from him
since the band broke up.
[babbling, spits]
- Until...
- [thuds]
I got a letter from him.
"Dear John Dory,
I'm being held against my will
by superstars Velvet and Veneer.
Come to Mount Rageous at once
and bring our brothers.
Love, Floyd."
I didn't know
where any of you were,
so I went
to Mount Rageous alone.
[music playing]
I found where
this Velvet and Veneer
were performing that night.
♪ Sweet dreams
Are made of this ♪
♪ Who am I to disagree? ♪
♪ I traveled the world
And the seven seas ♪
♪ Everybody's looking
For something ♪
- ♪ Hold your head up ♪
- ♪ Movin' on ♪
- ♪ Keep your head up ♪
- ♪ Hold your head up ♪
- ♪ Movin' on ♪
- ♪ Keep your head up ♪
♪ Traveled the world
And the seven seas ♪
- ♪ Yeah ♪
- [crowd cheering]
And there was Floyd.
[groans]
Yo, Floyd!
John Dory? I can't believe it.
I never thought I'd see
any of my brothers again.
I'm gonna get you
out of here, bro.
No, you've gotta get out
of here. You don't understand.
Velvet and Veneer are giant,
pop-obsessed succubi
with no talent,
and they've been stealing mine.
And they'll be back
any minute for more.
What? That's even worse
than lip-synching.
Not my brother. Not today.
[grunting]
John. John. Stop.
The bottle is made of diamond.
And there's only one thing
that's powerful enough
to shatter diamond.
Right. A diamond-shattering
diamond hammer.
Where can we get one of those?
No, John.
It's the perfect family harmony.
[gasping] Of course.
The perfect family harmony.
[Velvet]
Our voices sound like garbage.
We are dying out there.
[groans]
What we need is more troll.
Run, John Dory. Save yourself.
[grunting] Don't worry, Floyd.
I'll be back with the bros.
You have my word.
Floyd.
So, you came here
to get the band back together
and sing
the perfect family harmony.
- Yeah.
- Oh, yeah.
So we can attempt to sing something
we've only tried once
and failed so miserably at
that we broke up
and never talked
to each other again.
- We are so in.
- What? Uh...
Could you give us a second?
Huh?
Okay, what are you doing?
This is your second chance
with your brothers, Branch.
[sighs]
It's not that easy, okay?
You don't get it.
You don't have any siblings.
That's my point.
Branch, you are so lucky to
have a brother to fight for.
I mean, if I had a sister...
[gasps]
...it would be so perfect.
We'd be best friends and
we'd teach each other things.
We'd never fight,
we'd have each other's backs.
We wouldn't talk 'cause we'd
think the same thoughts.
Everyone would ask us
if we're twins,
and we'd be like,
"Well, not technically"...
- Poppy.
- But...
if she were ever in trouble,
I would do everything I could
to help her.
I would show up.
[sighs] Okay, listen.
If there was a brother
that I might do this for,
and I'm not saying there is,
it would be Floyd.
I'm not hearing "no."
- Yes! Works for me.
- Yeah!
BroZone 2.0.
BroZone reunion.
BroZone, here we bro again.
BroZone, where'd they bro?
I don't know.
We're gonna find them.
[ground rumbling]
- Whoa!
- [gasps]
Hey, looks like our ride's here.
[groaning]
Here she is!
[panting]
Ooh. That's coming out
of the deposit.
Meet Rhonda, y'all.
Ain't she a beaut?
[trumpets]
- [pants]
- She's, uh, really something.
- Um, I guess she likes me?
- Yeah, she does.
Or she's marking you as prey.
Can never quite tell
with Rhonda.
- [chuckles]
- [Poppy titters]
Uh, guys? If you don't mind,
I really cannot wait
another minute
to marry this gorgeous specimen.
- [kisses]
- [clears throat]
I now pronounce you
husband and wife.
- [yells]
- [both kissing]
[all cheering]
- [kissing]
- [King Gristle moans]
Okay,
all aboard who's going aboard.
Bye, everybody. We're getting
the band back together.
- Bye, Poppy.
Have fun, you crazy kids.
Have an awesome honeymoon.
- Thanks, Poppy.
- I love you guys.
- Peace out, Poppy.
- See you later, Poppy.
[groaning]
Beep-beep.
Today on a very special episode
of The Bop on Top,
we're talking about overnight
superstars, Velvet and Veneer!
♪ Never gets old ♪
♪ No matter how much
I'm told I'm amazing ♪
♪ You're amazing ♪
♪ You gotta work hard
To make it look easy ♪
♪ You gotta live fast
To keep making that money ♪
♪ If you want to be
As famous as me ♪
♪ You gotta work,
Gotta work, gotta work ♪
♪ Watch me work ♪
So, what do you wanna know?
- I'm an open book.
- Wide-open.
We're gaping novels.
Okay, well, who are some
of your biggest influences?
Honestly, Vel's always
been my inspiration.
My biggest inspiration?
Mmm.
I'd have to go with also me.
One thing's for sure,
after two months on the scene,
the superstar duo will receive
the prestigious Lifer Award.
That's celebrating
a lifetime of achievements.
Be sure
to catch their performance
this weekend at the Rage Dome.
Last question.
How do you guys
stay the biggest superstars
Mount Rageous has ever known?
- What's your secret?
- Secret?
[chuckles]
We don't have a secret.
[breathes rapidly]
Who said we have a secret?
What my calm, casual-sounding
brother means
is it's simple, really.
It just takes lots of hard work
and loads of natural talent.
[vocalizing off-key]
[both groan]
If we're gonna make it through
the Rage Dome show,
we're gonna need more troll.
Crimp, what are you doing?
Why are you always hovering?
Uh, I'm standing.
Well,
be a good, little assistant
and go stand in the corner.
Oh, yes.
Um, oh, dear. I think
this is kind of a c-corner.
Okay, I cannot with her.
- It's really too much.
- Whoo.
Well, time for a spritz.
No, please!
I barely have any talent
left to give.
I mean, maybe like
a desperate Christmas album
or a one-off
national anthem performance,
but that is it!
Oh, really? You don't wanna?
Okay, that's fine.
We'll just
kiss our careers goodbye
and focus our efforts
on charity.
[chuckles] Good one.
[groans]
[vocalizes]
[sighs] That's more like it.
We're so close to having
everything we always knew
we believed we deserved to have!
Veneer, what's with your vibe
and your face?
Why do you have
resting-moody-vibe face?
No, I know we've deserved
to be famous
just 'cause we want to.
But honestly,
that dude looks rough.
- He's fine.
- And he's getting pale.
And not in like a stunning,
Victorian way.
[gasps] Don't you see
what you're doing?
You're literally sucking
the life out of me.
[groans] That's what
I tell Crimp every day.
[sobs]
What are we gonna do?
We obviously can't rely
on this troll
to get us through
this dress rehearsal.
Let alone the Rage Dome show.
It's all going to change
as soon as we have BroZone.
- BroZone?
- Yep!
I forged a letter begging
for them to come and save you.
[sighing] I love me.
No!
You leave my brothers alone.
Ugh.
I'm exhausted by this drama.
Hey,
do you wanna go buy a yacht?
Oh, good idea.
Let's buy matching yachts.
[sighs]
♪ This is for
All the lonely people ♪
♪ Thinking that life
Has passed us by ♪
♪ We won't give up until
We drink from the silver cup ♪
♪ And ride that highway
In the sky ♪
Your ukulele skills
are improving.
Thank you.
[Branch] Operation Family
Harmony is on and popping!
- What?
- What? Oh, nothing!
I just... If I didn't know
any better, I'd...
I'd almost say you were excited.
It has nothing
to do with my brothers.
[Tiny Diamond through radio]
All right. All right.
Tiny, Branch, Poppy,
this random dude...
What?
...on another musical adventure
filled with heart,
hilarity and happiness.
Tiny! What are you doing here?
Well, Aunt Poppy,
for your information,
I am no longer a baby.
I am a big boy now.
And I'm on
a man-sized rite of passage
to learn lessons of life,
courage and maybe love.
Aw.
Should we be letting
a baby drive?
Not to worry, fellow grown-up.
I have procured
my learner's permit.
Who is Adulty McManface?
The better question is,
are you a narc?
What? No. No. [stammers]
Why? Are you?
Enough chitchat,
Adulty McManface. Step on it!
[groans]
[Branch]
Okay, guys, where was I?
We gotta find our brothers
and fast.
But don't worry.
Old Branch's got it handled.
All we have to do
is follow the clues.
Wow.
Check out your old outfits.
Puffy jackets.
Puka shell necklaces.
Denim tuxedos?
Branch,
did you have frosted tips?
Yeah. It was an era.
Don't forget his perm.
No way!
Pictures or it didn't happen.
[screams] Look at you!
You were so cute. I love it.
[sobs, moans]
But we had to pull the plug
when he tried to frost his perm.
- It was an era!
- Tragic.
While you two are
strolling down memory lane,
I'll work on finding Spruce.
I'm gonna need copies
of that pic.
[whispering] Wallet size.
Listen, baby brother,
we don't need your little
board to find Spruce...
- It's not little.
- ...because I got this!
Ha! Booyah.
A postcard that says,
"Wish you were here"?
That's it?
It's not even signed.
It's definitely Spruce.
I mean, he's the only one
I know who talks that way.
There's no return address.
It's blank.
This could be from anywhere.
We can't find Spruce with this.
Yeah, we can!
All we have to do
is find this sunset.
Liking that optimism,
Poppy seed.
- Branch, one word. Keeper!
- [groans]
Hey, man. I know about
being treated like a baby.
But while it's just
the two of us,
- you want some of this?
- Nah.
Thanks, man. I-I can't
get back on that train.
Suit yourself.
I mean, hey, look at this.
We're never gonna
find Spruce with this.
I bet this sunset
doesn't even exist.
[Tiny Diamond] Oh, hot dog!
Oh, man.
Of course.
Hey, guys!
You're gonna want to see this.
- I knew we'd find it.
- [laughs]
Spruce must be on that island.
Whoa, easy there, goggles.
All right, y'all.
Let's mobilize!
Yeah, pedal to the metal, JD.
- What are you doing?
- Worry not, friends.
Rhonda here's
completely waterproof.
[Rhonda groans]
[all scream]
[screaming continues]
[splashes]
Oh, Grissy,
this is the most romantic
honeymoon I've ever been on.
Ever.
Whoo!
It is a night of surprises!
- [engine revs]
- [King Gristle exclaims]
To the water park! Whoo-hoo!
[groaning]
[Branch coughing, panting]
Good old Rhonda.
- Completely waterproof, huh?
- [Rhonda groans]
So, John Dory,
who wrote that song "Girl,
I Love Your Love, Girl"?
- I did.
- Cool.
Who wrote, "Girl,
You Break My Heart, Girl"?
- I did.
- So cool.
Who wrote,
"Girl, I Love Your Love, Girl,
You Break My Heart, Girl,
I Still Love You,
But I Seriously Think
We Should Have A Talk
About Our Relationship, Girl"?
- That was Branch.
- Shut up!
That was my favorite
BroZone song, like, ever.
JK! Also me. [laughs]
Branch has never written a song.
I was a baby.
What did you want me
to write about, diaper rash?
Okay, take it easy, Bitty B.
- [Branch groans]
- Hey, what's wrong?
Nothing. Super happy.
This is our most
fun mission yet. Yay.
Branch, do you know
how lucky you are?
A brother is a friend
who can never leave you.
It's the strongest bond
in the world.
I would kill to have a sibling
to sing with, Branch.
Ha! Yeah, well,
you can have mine.
Okay. Fine.
Poppy, wait.
[sighs]
Grown-up stuff. Am I right?
[chuckles]
You know, I've still got
that thang, if you want it.
Whoa, whoa. Don't be
waving that thing around.
All right, y'all.
We're getting close
to something.
I can feel it. [gasps]
- [all scream]
- [chuckling] Whoa.
What do we got here?
Hey, guys. Looks like I found
some fellow rock climbers.
- Hi!
- Welcome to Vacay Island.
Where every day is a vacay.
♪ When you're on a holiday ♪
♪ You can't find
The words to say ♪
♪ On an island in the sun ♪
♪ We'll be playin'
And havin' fun ♪
♪ And it makes me feel so fine
I can't control my brain ♪
♪ She call me Mr. Boombastic
Tell me fantastic ♪
♪ Touch me on me back
She says I'm Mr. Ro... ♪
♪ Smooth ♪
♪ Sailing ♪
♪ Takes me away ♪
♪ To where I've always heard
It could be ♪
Heartthrob?
♪ Just a dream
And the wind to carry me ♪
♪ And soon I will be free ♪
Oh, yeah. I totally see it.
Cannonball!
Running drinks
to the back two-top.
Lenny! Seaweed floats
are almost out.
Thanks, boss.
Hey, yo, Spruce! Spruce! Hey!
Specials are on the back.
Don't order the clams.
Don't ask why.
Fricassee squid
and one jellyfish slider.
Spruce, wait.
Huh? Oh, no. I knew
this would happen one day.
Listen, I know you recognize
me from BroZone,
and I'm happy to give you
an autograph or whatever.
But can you please
be discreet about it?
Spruce, it's us.
It's your brothers.
- Whoa. Bitty B?
- What?
- [growls, laughs]
- Whoa! [chuckles]
No tossing, okay? [stammers]
Too big to be tossed.
The last time I saw you,
you were in diapers. [laughs]
Diapers. Right.
Wet willy! [grunting]
Stop it. That's disgusting.
- I am a grown-up.
- Oh, sorry.
A wet William.
Hi, Spruce. I'm Poppy.
Wow. It's, like... It's so cool
to meet you or whatever.
This is Tiny Diamond.
[Tiny Diamond] Hey, what's up?
Killer nachos you got here,
by the way.
- Yeah!
- All right!
Okay, Spruce.
We're here because Floyd...
No one's called me Spruce
in years. I go by Bruce now.
I'm sorry. Did you say Bruce?
Yeah. I wanted to put the
whole boy band thing behind me
now that I'm a dad.
Wait a minute.
You're a father?
Yeah. I can't wait
for you to meet everyone.
Hi, honey. These are
my brothers, unexpectedly.
Oh. Oh! Oh, hello there.
So nice to finally meet you.
- Hi!
- Hello.
This is my wife
and business partner, Brandy.
She is my soulmate.
My very tall soulmate.
But we make it work.
How?
We don't even really know
how it works.
[chuckles] I'm kidding. I'm...
I'm not. I'm... I don't know.
Daddy, Daddy,
can I have a cookie?
Becoming a dad was like a...
like a seismic shift
in my brain.
- Daddy, Bruce Jr. bit me.
- No biting.
Daddy, I don't see how any
government stands a chance.
You're not wrong, kid.
I'm stuck
in this ketchup bottle.
Okay.
Gonna handle all of that.
Just give Daddy two seconds,
okay? Love you.
As a dad...
Daddy, Daddy, Daddy!
Guess what?
I have pink eye.
Oh, my... Pink eye.
Oh, [bleep]
Look, Spruce,
gotta cut to the chase.
We're not here to catch up.
We're here because we need
to hit
the perfect family harmony.
Oh, no. You're still
going on about that?
Hey. Get these guys
their meals to go.
No, no, no.
You don't understand.
It's for Floyd.
He's being held captive.
What? Well, then,
what are we waiting for?
We need to call the authorities.
Hit the perfect family harmony.
Spruce, it-it-it has to be us.
Floyd's being held captive
in a diamond prison.
Oh. Well, yeah,
you need the perfect
family harmony for that.
Exactly.
Wait. But how?
We've never even come close
to pulling it off.
You do remember
our last show, don't you?
If we practice, I know
we'll be able to nail it.
We have to.
[scoffs] At my age? [laughing]
I really don't think that...
See, guys. I told you
Dad wasn't in a band.
Oh, I was in a band.
I was in the band.
You ask your mother
if I was in a band.
Oh, he was in a band.
[chuckles]
[chanting] Prove it!
Prove it! Prove it! Prove it!
All right.
I'll... I'll prove it.
- I'll prove it right now.
- [all cheering]
- Yes! Bring it in, Brother.
- Go, Dad!
Branch, get up there.
Go sing with your brothers.
I'll do it to save Floyd
when I have to.
But I'm not doing it right now
just for "funsies."
Oh, yeah.
Okay. You're probably right.
No, no, no.
You're the one who...
Wait. What did you say?
You're afraid that
singing with your brothers
again after all these years
will overwhelm you with emotions
too powerful for you
to handle. I agree with you.
I don't think you can handle it,
so I think you shouldn't do it.
I think I can handle
singing a song.
[chanting] Prove it!
- Prove it! Prove it! Prove it!
- [sighs] All right. Fine.
But this is more than likely
beneath me.
[all] Yeah! Whoo!
♪ My girl's like candy
A candy treat ♪
♪ She knocks me right up
Off my feet ♪
♪ She's so fine as can be ♪
♪ It's like
A perfect harmony ♪
♪ Candy girl
You are my world ♪
♪ You look so sweet
Come back to me ♪
♪ All I know
When I'm with you ♪
Yay!
♪ You got the right stuff
Baby ♪
♪ Love the way
You turn me on ♪
♪ Oh, oh, oh ♪
♪ You got the right stuff
Baby ♪
♪ You're the reason
Why I sing this song ♪
♪ You're all I ever wanted
Baby ♪
♪ You're all I ever needed
Yeah ♪
I can't believe
this is really happening!
♪ So, tell me what to do now ♪
♪ When I want you back ♪
[scatting]
♪ BroZone's back, all right! ♪
♪ Whether you're a mother
Or whether you're a brother ♪
♪ You're stayin' alive
Stayin' alive ♪
♪ Feel the city breaking
And everybody shaking ♪
♪ People stayin' alive
Stayin' alive ♪
♪ BroZone's
Really back again ♪
[scatting]
♪ I want you back ♪
[audience cheering, applauding]
Ah, yes. We still got it.
Oh, tell me
that didn't feel good.
I can't believe I remembered
every word and every step.
Looks like your band days
aren't behind you. [purrs]
Um, Brandy, my love.
So, I know we have
kind of a lot going on here,
but do you think it would
be crazy if I were to...
Uh, leave me here
to manage the restaurant
and all these kids
so you can go on a musically
charged rescue mission
with your brothers?
- Yeah. That.
- It'd be crazy if you didn't.
You'll never forgive yourself
if you don't help your brother.
- [pops]
- [laughs]
And you can cover when I go
on my girls yoga retreat
next month.
All month.
But you should leave now
before you get pink eye.
- Save yourself!
- Daddy.
- Daddy!
Gross! Love you.
- [Tiny Diamond] Quick.
- You got this.
[Rhonda groans]
[alarm clock rings]
♪ Tumble out of bed
And I stumble to the kitchen ♪
♪ Pour myself
A cup of ambition ♪
♪ And yawn and stretch
And try to come to life ♪
♪ Jump in the shower
And the blood starts pumping ♪
♪ Out on the street
The traffic starts jumping ♪
♪ And folks like me
On the job from 9:00 to 5:00 ♪
♪ Working 9:00 to 5:00... ♪
- Ow! You just burned me.
- Oh, my God! I'm sorry!
Um, maybe it would be easier
if you took your shirt off?
[groans] Don't be lazy.
Oh, by the way, you know
that thing you asked me for?
Space from you.
[laughs]
Oh, no. Yeah, no... Uh, what?
Anyways, you said
you needed a way
to make your smoothies
even fruitier on stage.
- You did?
- Shh. Yes.
That is what I want. Go on.
Well, I had an idea.
[chuckles]
Ta-da!
Crimp, honey,
that's not an idea.
Those are shoulder pads.
I beg to differ.
It's a high-powered vacuum.
I finally put that
master's degree in engineering
to good use.
See?
You just pop the grape
or strawberry
or blueberry or guava slice,
right in here.
And it releases the fruit's
essence through here.
Once you're on stage,
lightly tap this button,
just delicately,
you know, like, once.
[Crimp] Oh!
Oh, my God. Wait. Wait.
[groans]
♪ Hey, yeah ♪
[chuckles] You said that
it was for smoothies.
It's called lying, Primp.
Deal with me.
If you use too much,
you'll kill him.
The plum that I tested
turned into a prune!
Well, I don't wanna kill
the little guy.
They're kinda cute
when they're up and about,
banging on the walls,
yelling to go home.
Do you wanna lose all this
and go back to the dark place
where we had nothing?
Please, sir, I want some more.
Girl, we grew up in the suburbs.
Our parents were dentists.
[parent]
So, how was school today?
Stop attacking me!
Our parents were nobodies,
and we were nobodies.
And when I met you,
you were literally
sucking your thumb
and pooping all over the place.
You met me
when I was a baby, so...
All over the place.
It was nuts!
You don't wanna give up
all the yachts and the bling
and your illegal pet monkey,
do you?
[titters] Okay.
I've made my peace with it.
Great job, Cringe.
You're smarter than I thought.
Now I don't trust you.
That's maybe
not a rational response.
I don't... Please don't
put me in the closet.
Now come on.
We're about to go
from stars to megastars.
Please, Veneer.
It's nothing personal.
I just love my sister.
And all my fame.
And money.
And things I bought.
[elephant trumpets]
Yeah, sure, dying sucks,
but at least it's
for some sweet "bling-a-ding"
and some boho-chic
home furnishings.
[chuckles] You get it.
[Floyd strains]
[grunts] Ow! Ooh!
[Crimp] My Wi-Fi doesn't
work great in the closet.
[Velvet] ♪ Never gets old ♪
♪ No matter how much
I'm told I'm amazing ♪
[Veneer] ♪ You're amazing ♪
Oh, my kids love these guys.
We're a total Veneer household.
They're the ones who have Floyd.
Ugh. It's gonna be hard
to separate
the art from the artist.
[announcer]
That's Velvet and Veneer's
spicy-hot new single
"Watch Me Work."
Catch them tomorrow night
at the Rage Dome
where they'll be receiving
the Lifer Award.
Lifer Award!
Guys, will Floyd even make it
through that show?
Don't worry.
We're gonna make it.
We've been looking
for clues to find Clay.
Oh, I'm sorry. The clue board?
You mean my clue board?
That I made?
- We like the clue board now?
- What is he wearing?
Oh. Those are just his...
[Clay]
♪ Perfect, perfect, perfect ♪
...funderdrawers.
Ooh, stinky.
Oh, God.
John Dory, I have no idea
why you saved these.
It's incredibly disgusting,
but I'm glad you did.
What? They're memorabilia.
But I will be good gosh-darned
if I know how they're gonna
help us find Clay.
[sniffing, growling]
Help us, Rhonda.
- She's got the scent.
- [roaring]
Hey, Tiny.
You see that button?
- Uh, yeah.
- That beautiful, shiny button?
Oh, you mean the button
that is taking
every fiber of my being
not to press?
Yeah, I see it.
Press it.
Oh, heck yeah!
Ooh! Let's hustle, daddy!
[purring]
[music playing]
♪ Do it ♪
Whoa!
- ♪ Do it ♪
- [gasping]
♪ Do the hustle ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
- ♪ Do the hustle ♪
- ♪ Everyday I'm hustling ♪
- ♪ Do the hustle, baby ♪
- ♪ Do the hustle ♪
- ♪ Do it ♪
- ♪ Ooh ♪
Hustle!
♪ Do it ♪
[grunting]
Wow.
Too much hustle is a thing.
Huh. Look at that.
[growling]
[Branch] Are we sure
this is where Clay lives?
Are we sure?
Our GPS is an armadillo bus
sniffing used undies.
So, no, we're not sure.
[shivers]
I think this is the place
from every true crime podcast
I've ever listened to.
[clown head] Halt!
Who goes there?
[screaming]
[yelps]
Who dares trespass
on these sacred grounds?
Branch, what are you doing?
Listen,
we don't want any
clown-related trouble, okay?
We're just here looking
for our brother Clay.
Wait a second.
You're trolls?
So what?
You're a clown.
Whoa!
Oh, my gosh. Hello! [screams]
My name is Viva!
It is so "fantastamazing"
to see other trolls.
- [grunting, chuckling]
- [groaning]
- Hi! Ha!
- [groans]
So, "fantastamazing"
is my own personal word.
It means, um,
fantastic and amazing.
I used to say "amastic,"
but then I was like,
"Hmm, that's not as good."
"Fantastamawesome."
That's different,
but that works too.
Way to make it your own.
Is this how people feel
when they meet me?
- [whispers] Yes.
- Am I being a lot?
Sometimes I can be a lot.
[stammering] I'm not sure
we're in the right place.
Course you're in
the right place.
Any troll
is welcome here with us.
Okay, Putt-Putt trolls.
Lights on for our new friends!
Putt-Putt! Putt-Putt!
- [Poppy] Wow.
- Oh, my gosh.
Are you guys hungry?
Are you thirsty?
Yes!
Fries? Fries!
You guys want fries.
I am seeing fries!
- Bring out the works!
- [Putt-Putt troll] Fries!
Milkshakes to celebrate!
Coming in hot!
- [chuckling]
- [slurping]
Whoo-hoo! That's better.
Now I finally have some energy!
Did you just braid my hair?
You're welcome.
It looks so good.
- I love it!
- Wow.
These fries are amazing.
They'd really go great
with a burger.
- [screaming]
- [clamoring]
What is happening?
Yeah, we try not to use
that word around here.
It's just that "burger" sounds
a little too much like, uh...
- [whispers] "Bergens."
- [Putt-Putt troll screaming]
[Clay] We call burgers...
"meat circles."
Clay?
[chuckling] Clay.
Hey, what's up, man?
Hey! How you been, man?
- Clay!
- Hmm.
- John.
- Wha...
- Spruce! What do you know?
- Actually, I go by Bruce now.
Bruce. Oh.
Someone got fancy. I like it.
[chuckling]
Look who's talking.
- Is that a sweater romper?
- What can I say?
When you co-run a place,
gotta flex the drip.
Yeah, I'm the fun side
of the operation,
and Mr. Clay takes care
of the boring stuff!
Guilty!
Whoa! Baby Branch?
- No way!
- [chuckles]
Actually, it's Big Branch now.
- [gasping]
- Or just Branch.
- Branch is fine.
- Come here. Come here.
- So, Clay, this is Poppy.
- Hi, Clay.
- So great to finally meet you.
- [grunts]
Can you do the Rusty Robot
for me? [chuckles]
Yeah, no, I don't
do that anymore, okay?
Right. Kidding. Ha!
Can you imagine?
I wouldn't ask you to do that
after meeting you
two seconds ago.
Who would do that?
Yeah, it's just that
Fun Boy Clay is dead.
Serious Boy Clay only does
the Well-Oiled Robot.
And it is no...
[imitates DJ scratching] ...fun.
I mean, that's still pretty fun.
[chuckles]
Yeah, same old Clay.
No. That's not true.
If I was still fun,
would I have chosen the admin
building as my bedroom?
[crow caws]
Huh? Huh? Asking
the tough questions, guys.
- Asking the tough questions.
- Oh, right.
Anyway, I can't believe
you all are here.
Wait, where's Floyd?
That's why we're here.
Floyd's been taken prisoner
in Mount Rageous
by superstar singers
Velvet and Veneer...
[in unison] And the only thing
powerful enough to free him
is the perfect family harmony.
Okay,
either they just made that up,
or I have not
been paying attention.
Well, why haven't you
just called the authorities?
Oh, unless Floyd is being held
in an impenetrable
diamond prison.
- Yeah. That.
- I'm in.
I'd also like to volunteer to
keep track of our expenses.
Just 'cause I think
you're gonna need somebody
to be on top of that.
Yeah, I don't think you'll get
any pushback on that front.
Great, but we need to leave
for Mount Rageous, like, now.
You can't leave now.
You just got here.
Come on.
Let me show you around.
- [grunts]
- Hug time!
- Uh...
- Yeah, no.
Aw, so cute. Where'd you get
that hug time bracelet?
My dad gave it to me.
Okay, this is so totally random,
but I used to have one
just like it.
Can I see that?
Wow. It fits you perfectly.
Yeah.
- Whoa.
- [chuckles]
I'm sorry.
What did you say
your name was again?
I'm Poppy.
Poppy?
Okay, um, another totally
random, weird question,
but is your dad King Peppy?
Uh, yeah? [chuckles]
You're...
Oh, you're... you're alive.
- I'm alive.
- This is unbelievable!
I never thought
I'd see you again.
Again?
Poppy, it's me, Viva.
Uh...
I'm your sister.
My... My what?
Your sister. Your hermana!
Whoa.
Hey, man. Am I the only one
without a long-lost sibling?
What do you mean, we're sisters?
H-How could I have
not known about you?
I can't believe Dad didn't
tell me I have a sister.
- That is...
- [in unison] ...so Dad.
Oh! I ca...
I can't believe this.
I've always dreamt
of having a sister.
I was just saying this.
Wasn't I just saying this?
This means we can plan
each other's birthday parties.
- Yeah! And weddings.
- Yes!
My best friend had her wedding,
and it went off without a hitch.
I was the best maid of honor.
You'd be the best maid of honor.
You and Bridget
are gonna love each other!
I'm gonna love her.
- I love what you love.
- Yes! [screams]
Yes! [chuckles]
♪ Kaleidoscopic ♪
♪ I'm seeing different
When I look at you ♪
♪ Everything's
Looking bright ♪
♪ No, I can't stop it now ♪
♪ I'm getting swept up
In a feel-good mood ♪
♪ Feeling I can't deny ♪
♪ Now that you're with me
I can finally see ♪
♪ Colors that were up
In my mind ♪
♪ Didn't know I was blind ♪
♪ Now that I'm with you
Sparks are flying loose ♪
♪ Fireworks go off
In my brain ♪
♪ And I'll never be the same ♪
♪ I didn't know
Until I found you ♪
♪ Having the time
Of our lives ♪
- ♪ It takes two ♪
♪ When I look up
The stars are brighter ♪
♪ Now I know
Everything's better with you ♪
- ♪ It takes two ♪
- ♪ Ooh ♪
♪ Now, now that ♪
♪ Now that we got it
All together ♪
♪ Now we're together ♪
- ♪ We got it all ♪
- ♪ Hey! ♪
[echoing] ♪ Now ♪
♪ Now that ♪
♪ Now that
We got it all together ♪
Now we're together ♪
♪ We got it all ♪
♪ You've got me feeling right
Feeling right ♪
♪ Feeling like good vibes
Are at my door ♪
♪ Every day
Every night, ooh! ♪
♪ It takes two ♪
♪ I didn't know
Until I found you ♪
♪ Having the time
Of our lives ♪
- ♪ It takes two ♪
♪ It takes me and you ♪
[Poppy, Viva giggling]
So I was thinking
about getting more into, like,
reading short stories and
essays instead of full novels.
- Ooh, I love that for you.
- Yeah.
But, um... But just
to circle back real quick.
I still have a million
questions about what happened.
I used to live
at the Troll Tree.
I was there when you were born.
And you were so cute.
Kinda like you are now, only
teensier and weensier and...
[gasps]
Do you wanna make candy
necklaces that we never finish
- because we eat all the candy?
- Obviously!
But, Veev, I'm just gonna need
you to focus here and...
and tell me everything.
Why am I only learning
about you now?
What happened?
[in robot voice]
We got accidentally separated.
[normal voice] And I've lived
here ever since. The end.
Wanna do candy toe rings next?
Uh, accidentally separated?
Viva doesn't like
to talk about it.
It's too painful for her.
But she's been here ever since
the night
of the great Bergen attack.
[humming]
Viva, are you talking
about the night
the trolls escaped Bergen Town?
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, I guess it was that night.
[humming]
Not everyone
made it out of that tree.
Some of them got trapped
by Bergens.
They were this close
to getting eaten...
- [squeaking]
- ...until Viva
and some of the other trolls
fought them off.
[Viva grunting]
[Clay] But by then...
the tunnels had collapsed,
and they were cut off
from the rest.
I kept screaming,
"No troll left behind!"
But when I went back in,
the tunnels had collapsed.
That's when I found
Viva's hug time bracelet.
Viva found this old,
abandoned Bergen golf course
and transformed it
into this troll utopia.
We formed this little
sanctuary of survivors.
I added fire exits.
She added her heart and soul.
I've thought so many times
about leaving, you know,
to look for you and Dad,
but it's not safe out there.
I know I should've told Poppy,
but my heart was broken.
I felt like a failure.
Not just as a king,
but as a father.
I feel so guilty.
What do you think I should do?
I'm afraid
that's our time for today.
But I just
revealed a major trauma.
[squeaks]
Okay. Obviously this is a lot,
and you should be able
to open up about this
on your own time.
But we'll have plenty of time
to work through this
on the way to Mount Rageous.
Whoa! I am not going
to Mount Rageous.
And neither are you, silly.
You're never gonna leave again.
Wait, what was the...
What was that last thing?
Okay, guys,
if we're gonna save Floyd,
we need to get going.
I'll go get Poppy.
No, no, no, wait. Hold on.
There's no way
Viva's gonna let her go.
What?
W-What are you talking about?
Like I said, she's got
some stuff going on, man.
If we don't wanna get trapped,
we should sneak out now.
[growling]
Oh, hey... [chuckles] ...Viva.
What's up, girl?
Viva! What are you doing?
You're not leaving here
no matter what, because...
because it's just not safe
out there. You're welcome.
Wait, is this about the Bergens?
Because they stopped
trying to eat us.
That's all in the past.
Yeah, right.
That's hilarious, Poppy.
I'm laughing really hard.
I'm serious, Viva.
Bridget, my best friend
I was telling you about,
she's a Bergen.
Look. Bridget and I do
a million fun things together.
We talk and we play games
and we sing songs.
And make up
these really bad dances.
It's a lot like...
Well, actually,
it's a lot like what you
and I have been doing.
The world's a lot different
than it used to be.
Viva, look,
I used to be just like you.
I built a bunker,
and I lived in it for years
because I knew it was safe.
And, sure, i-it kept me alive.
And I never had to wear pants.
But I was living without pants.
Does that make sense?
Well, I feel judged.
You don't understand.
I just got my sister back.
I'm not gonna lose you.
For anything.
Clay?
I'm sorry, Viva,
but we have to leave.
I don't wanna lose
my brother either.
Let's move!
No. No, Poppy, wait!
[gasping]
Poppy, please!
I want you to stay!
Viva, I can't do that.
But you can come with us.
And I know you think it's risky,
and maybe it is,
but it'll be worth it.
Family's always worth it.
No, no, no, I...
I can't.
[knocking at door]
[crew member]
Knock, knock. Almost showtime.
Ugh.
No sign of BroZone?
No. But I have an idea.
We could practice.
[laughs] I wanna be famous,
but I'm not gonna work for it. Ew.
Come on.
We used to make up
little dances together
all the time, remember?
Hip, hip. Twist. Flip.
Our dances sucked.
How many fans
do you think we can get
making up sucky dances?
Hey, hello? Hello in there.
Wake up. Wakey-wakey.
Oh.
He's dead? Oh, man. [gasps]
What have we done? [gasps]
What do we do?
You remember the goldfish
you had as a kid?
You mean Sparkles?
Mkay. Goodbye, little guy.
Please, hurry up and flush.
Being this close to you
next to a toilet...
- [Floyd grunts]
- ...makes me uncomfortable.
Wow.
I thought ghosts
just floated away.
Well, don't just stand there.
Go get him!
Why does it have to be me?
Because Crimp's locked
in the closet. Now, go!
Help! Help! [panting]
Help me, please.
[Veneer grunts]
Help!
[panting]
Gotcha.
Please, Veneer,
just let me run past you.
You can pretend
you never saw me.
It...
It'll be our little secret.
I can't.
I know. Velvet would kill you.
But just because
she's your sister
doesn't mean you should let
her treat you like garbage.
- Doesn't it?
- No.
Sibling or not, you deserve
to be treated with kindness
and to be around people
who would never try
to change the you that you are.
You got him.
Hey, I know I probably
don't say this enough,
but good job.
We really make a great team.
Don't we, bro?
Now, come on.
We should also probably
hire a new assistant,
which feels like a you job.
Crimp!
Hire us a new assistant!
[Crimp] I'm on it!
[BroZone chorus vocalizing]
[Branch] BroZone.
[vocalizing continues]
♪ There ain't no stoppin' us
Stoppin' us ♪
♪ We ain't pressin' rewind ♪
♪ Rewind ♪
♪ The sky was the limit ♪
♪ Now the stars
Where we're livin' ♪
♪ It's the vibe
When we're in it ♪
♪ It'll blow your mind ♪
♪ It's so perfect
Perfect, perfect ♪
♪ Harmony so cold ♪
♪ Perfect, perfect, perfect ♪
♪ Let it go ♪
Stop. Stop. Time-out.
Let's do it again from the top.
Spruce, I want
some smolder in those eyes.
Clay, you're being too stiff.
We need some sillier robot.
Bitty B, maybe a smaller diaper.
If this diaper was any
smaller, I could taste it.
That's why
I don't wear one of those.
It's a hard fit to pull off.
Really great note, John Dory.
Super helpful. Thanks. Thanks.
Now I have a creative note
for you.
- Stop being bossy!
- What?
I'm not being bossy.
I'm helping us be better.
No. No, dude.
You're forcing us to be perfect,
just like you always have,
so we can hit
the perfect family harmony.
Yeah. For Floyd.
Is it?
Or is this all just so you can
tell people what to do again?
- Wha... What?
- Guys, guys.
This isn't helpful right now.
Let's all maybe take five, huh?
This isn't gonna work
if you keep on being
the same old John Dory.
Yeah. We've all changed.
Bruce settled down.
Branch is slightly taller,
with zero glasses.
And I'm a licensed CPA.
Put some respect
on my name, fool!
Well, I'm not allowed to change.
I'm the oldest.
I had to be the leader.
[scoffs] You love bossing
us around. Just admit it.
Why do you think I moved
to the middle of nowhere?
So I didn't have to be
in charge of anyone.
Four little brothers
is a lot of responsibility.
[stammers]
Why do you think I left?
So no one would treat me
like you did.
- You know what, Spruce...
- It's Bruce!
Thank you, Clay.
Guys.
We can't forget about Floyd.
Look, Branch is right.
We're here for Floyd.
Let's just get this done and
we can go our separate ways.
Fine.
Wait. What?
What? The mission's
the mission. [chuckles]
You didn't think
we'd all live together
when this was all over, did you?
Singing songs
and roasting marshmallows?
[scoffs] Oh, I'm sorry.
Is that funny to you?
That I might want us
to actually be a family again?
Tiny Diamond, pull over. Now.
[groans]
[Poppy, John Dory grunt]
[scoffs]
Don't be a baby, Branch.
You're mad at him,
but you guys do
the exact same thing to me.
You all still treat me like
the baby of the family.
But guess what?
I stopped being a baby the day
you guys walked out on me,
'cause I had to.
Then Grandma got eaten,
and there was no one else
to take care of me.
This time,
I'm walking out on you.
This is Branch's bunker.
He built this for you guys.
I didn't know.
I guess you never asked.
Wait.
Grandma got eaten?
[Poppy] Branch, wait!
Branch! [panting]
Where are you going?
To save Floyd. Alone.
I didn't need them growing up,
and I don't need them now.
What... What are you doing?
What do you mean?
I'm coming with you.
[scoffs] Why bother?
[stammers] Aren't you gonna
leave me eventually anyway?
Everyone else does.
I have been by your side
from the moment we met.
And you've been by mine.
Let's give each other
some credit here.
[sighs] Right.
Uh, I'm sorry. Thank you.
You're welcome.
And I'm not going anywhere.
Unless it's with you.
To save Floyd.
[bicycle bell rings]
Tiny! You're coming too?
Hey, what can I say?
I was moved by Branch's speech
and his sad, sad drawing.
Now, let's roll.
[bell rings]
Wow, Grissy.
I've never seen anyone
get kicked out
of a water park like that.
All right, for the record,
it was the water slide
that ripped off my trunks.
Ooh, so hot.
[sniffing]
Wait. [sniffing]
Do you smell...
[tires screeching]
French fries!
[gasps] French fries.
[whispering]
- [King Gristle gasps]
- [Bridget] Ew.
Who goes there?
[both scream]
[chanting] Putt-Putt.
Putt-Putt. Putt-Putt.
Are those golf balls?
Putt-Putt.
Oh, good. They're just trolls.
Look how cute.
[grunts]
[both scream]
What's happening?
[both] Ow!
[both grunting]
Grissy, I didn't think we'd
both find ourselves tied up
on this honeymoon.
[grunts]
[dance music playing]
[Branch] All right, look.
Security is really tight.
So we're not gonna be able
to just walk right in.
You know what that means.
We're scaling the walls.
We're huh? Doing what? When?
[Branch] We should plan
to make our ascent
about 200 meters east
of the entrance.
Good thing I brought
extra gummy gloves.
I'm tired. Carry me.
You have to walk on your own, Tiny.
You have to be a big boy.
But my feet hurt.
I don't wanna.
[Branch] The quickest way in
will be at the roof.
The HVAC system.
- Ooh. I love how you say HVAC.
- Thank you.
[Branch] But we'll have
to bypass the fan blade,
so that our cupcakes
don't get sliced in two.
- Ooh! We brought cupcakes?
- No.
Not what I meant.
It doesn't matter.
After that,
we need to cut the power,
so we can move freely
through the interior air ducts.
How do you know
which wires to cut?
I don't.
I'm just blasting everything
until something turns off.
Hello?
[Branch] From there, we'll
have to do some exploring,
but we'll find Floyd
in one of those rooms.
Look. There he is.
[Poppy] Come on.
Floyd.
Branch? Is it really you?
Yeah.
It's really me.
[chuckles] Wow. You've
really grown into that vest.
You're a man now.
Oh! Finally, somebody gets me.
But you need to leave.
Right now.
No, Floyd. It's okay.
We're here to rescue you.
No. This is a trap.
Velvet and Veneer, they...
they lured you here.
You gotta leave before
they come back. Hurry!
No. I'm not leaving here
without you.
Branch, please.
- Do it for me.
- [Velvet] We're so close.
I told you BroZone
would show up.
My letter worked.
I'm a genius.
[Veneer] Are you sure
you're sure about this?
[grunts]
Oh, no.
- [Rhonda grunts]
- [Veneer] Oh! Ow!
It's biting me.
Put it in the closet.
Put it in the closet!
[Crimp] Hello.
- Floyd!
- Brothers.
It's so good to see you. We
would have been here sooner,
but these guys wouldn't stop
yelling at each other.
Guys, please.
John Dory,
you're the one who parked
in the spot marked
"Reserved for BroZone."
Didn't that seem
a little sus to you?
- Oh, so it's my fault?
- Oh, look.
They're even cute
when they fight.
- Boop, boop, boop.
- [John Dory] Hey. Stop.
What are you doing?
Come on, man.
You're better than this.
Well, thank you.
I really don't see why
you're so upset.
At least we're putting
your talent to good use.
I mean, you're welcome.
What? You're sick.
You mispronounced,
"Thanks for not letting our
talents go to waste anymore,
Velvet and Veneer."
Come on. They're waiting
for us on the red carpet.
Let's go autograph some butts.
Oh, that's fun.
I'll grab my butt marker.
[Crimp grunts]
[Rhonda purrs]
Oh, it looks like
you need a hug.
[sobbing]
Okay, now,
whose sibling is this now?
[sucking]
[all chanting]
Bergens! Bergens!
Bergens! Bergens! Bergens!
Bridgey,
loving you is the best thing
that ever happened to me.
Um, would it be weird
if we made out?
Babe, it would be weird
if we didn't.
[kissing]
[both scream]
[troll] Wait!
[both gasp]
Is this you?
Hey.
That's me and my best friend.
[sighs] Yeah. Poppy. She...
She's my sister.
You're Poppy's sister? [gasps]
That makes us best friends too.
Yeah. She told me about
your wedding. [chuckles]
- Congratulations.
- Thanks, girl.
[sighs]
I think I made a huge mistake.
It's fine.
We're not gonna press charges.
I don't think
that's what she means.
Yeah, no. That's not
what I'm talking about.
So, you're really
not gonna eat us?
No. But I understand the fear.
If you want, I can open my mouth
and you can take
tiny steps toward it,
letting yourself feel
and breathe your way
through the anxiety.
It's called
systematic desensitization.
[exhaling deeply]
Or I let you go,
and you promise not to eat us.
Oh, that's fine too.
[MC] All right, Rageons.
Now is the moment
we've all been waiting for.
Everyone put your hands up
for Lifer Award recipients,
that tantalizing twosome,
Velvet and Veneer!
♪ If the top
Is where you wanna stay ♪
[fans cheering]
♪ You gotta work hard... ♪
I love you!
- Thank you!
- [Veneer laughs]
We love you too!
Okay, how's my aura?
Confident-yet-grateful-
to-your-teachers-
and-everyone-
who-got-you-here-tonight?
That's what I'm going for.
[cheering continues]
♪ Never gets old ♪
No matter how much
I'm told I'm amazing ♪
[Rhonda groans]
[fans gasping]
[Branch through speaker]
Velvet and Veneer!
Give me back my brothers.
Yeah! What he said!
You don't know what
you're talking about, troll.
You're stealing BroZone's talent
because you have none
of your own, you big...
Oh, you big phonies!
[fans gasp, murmur]
What?
[both chuckle]
Okay, we need to leave.
Right now.
["Sweet Dreams
(Are Made of This)" playing]
Follow that luxury vehicle.
On it, Poppy!
[Velvet on speakers]
What's up, Mount Rageous?
You didn't think
we were just gonna give you
a boring,
old stage show, did you?
That's what we explicitly
bought tickets for.
We're taking this show
on the road!
[fan] Whoo-hoo!
[Tiny Diamond] Oh, man.
I'm trying to get through,
but they got no respect
for the blinker.
Beep-beep.
[trolls groaning]
♪ Sweet dreams
Are made of this ♪
♪ Who am I to disagree? ♪
♪ I traveled the world
And the seven seas ♪
♪ Everybody's looking
For something ♪
Oh! This is too much. I only
have my learner's permit!
[grunts]
Tiny, give me the thing.
- What thing?
- You know, the thing thing.
Mm-mmm.
Come on,
Tiny, don't do me like that.
[laughs] Yeah, I knew
what you was talking about.
[grunts, sucking]
Oh. Oh, that's good.
[Poppy]
Branch, there they are.
[Velvet, Veneer]
♪ Some of them ♪
♪ Want to use you ♪
♪ Some of them wanna
Get used by you ♪
- [screams]
- Hold her steady, Tiny.
[Velvet, Veneer] ♪ Some of
Them want to abuse you ♪
♪ Some of them
Want to be abused ♪
Branch!
Hang tight, Floyd! We'll get
you guys out of here.
♪ Movin' on ♪
No!
♪ Hold your head up
Movin' on ♪
♪ Keep your head up
♪ Hold your head up
Movin' on ♪
Uh, guys, what does
"End of the Road" mean?
[Velvet, Veneer]
♪ Keep your head up ♪
♪ Movin' on ♪
[all scream]
[Velvet on speakers] ♪ Yeah ♪
[Rhonda groans]
♪ Yeah ♪
[chorus] ♪ Fame! ♪
♪ I'm gonna live forever ♪
- ♪I'm gonna learn how to fly ♪
- [chorus] ♪ High ♪
♪ I feel it coming together ♪
♪ People will see me and cry ♪
[chorus] ♪ Fame! ♪
- Oh, no.
- What do we do?
Let's hustle!
[groans]
Hey, it's hustle man!
Can you please drop us off
at that boat down there?
[echoing] Abso-hustle-y!
Not literally!
Bridget! Gristle!
Perfect timing!
We would've been here sooner,
but we had
to make a pickup first.
Viva! You showed up!
Yeah, I know, right?
I'm kinda freaking out
a little bit.
You've got
a really brave sister.
Actually, I've got
two really brave sisters.
Poppy,
I'm really sorry about before.
It's okay.
Our story's complicated.
Who cares if it's not perfect?
As long as we're together.
I should've come with you.
I was ju...
- Did you just braid my hair?
- Yeah.
I learned from the best.
Oh, my gosh.
It is so fantastamazing.
Oh, no!
Hold on to your cupcakes!
Hang on tight, Grissy!
Bridgey, what are you doing?
[Bridget] Best honeymoon ever!
[Velvet] ♪ If the top
Is where you wanna stay ♪
[Velvet, Veneer]
♪ You gotta work hard ♪
♪ To make it look easy ♪
♪ You gotta live fast... ♪
Go get 'em, awesome sisters!
♪ If you want to be
As famous as me ♪
♪ You gotta work
Gotta work, gotta work ♪
♪ You gotta work hard ♪
♪ You gotta live fast... ♪
[grunts]
Viva la Viva, baby.
Are you guys all right?
Yes, but we're not done yet.
Let's bro!
[chorus] ♪ Fame! ♪
♪ I'm gonna live forever ♪
- ♪ Learn how to fly ♪
- [chorus] ♪ High ♪
- [Velvet grunts]
- [trolls scream]
[Velvet] ♪ If the top is
Where you wanna stay ♪
♪ Yeah! ♪
[chorus] ♪ Fame! ♪
[grunts]
♪ You gotta work... ♪
Floyd!
♪ Baby, remember my name ♪
[chorus] ♪ Remember
Remember, remember ♪
♪ Remember
♪ Remember, remember
Remember, remember ♪
[fans] We want more!
We want more!
[Velvet] All right.
You guys want an encore?
[crowd cheering]
Encore?
Sis, come on.
This one won't even last you
half a song.
Let's just quit
while we're on top.
Just sing, you beautiful idiot.
[groans]
♪ Hey, yeah ♪
Floyd will never make it.
He's got nothing left.
Guys.
Poppy said something earlier,
and she was right.
We don't have to be perfect
to be in harmony.
We just have to be as we are.
Together.
We'll follow your lead, Branch.
Here we go!
- What?
- Who did that?
[chuckles, snorts]
Ugh. Come on!
♪ It's some kinda love ♪
♪ It's some kinda fire ♪
- ♪ I'm already up ♪
- ♪ Ooh ♪
♪ But you lift me higher ♪
♪ You know I'm not wrong ♪
♪ You know I'm not lying ♪
♪ We do it better ♪
♪ We do it better, yeah ♪
♪ And I don't mind ♪
♪ If the world spins faster ♪
♪ The music's louder ♪
♪ The waves get stronger ♪
♪ I don't mind ♪
♪ If the world spins faster ♪
♪ Faster, faster ♪
♪ Just let me take you
To a better place ♪
♪ I'm gonna make you
Kiss the sky tonight ♪
♪ Yeah, if you let me
Show the way, okay ♪
♪ I'm so excited
To see you excited ♪
♪ I'll take you
To a better place ♪
♪ And, baby, you can love me
On the way ♪
♪ We're flying up
To outer space ♪
- ♪ I'm so excited ♪
- ♪ To see you excited, yeah ♪
- ♪ To see you excited ♪
♪ I don't mind
If the world spins faster ♪
♪ The music's louder ♪
♪ The waves get stronger ♪
♪ I don't mind
If the world spins faster ♪
[grunts]
♪ Faster, faster, faster ♪
♪ Yeah! ♪
♪ Just let me take you
To a better place ♪
Floyd. [sighs]
Come on, man, wake up.
Wake up, Floyd.
We need you, Brother.
Oh, no.
I... I built the hideout, Floyd.
Except the ten-story waterslide.
But... how will we shower?
- Floyd.
- Floyd?
- Yeah!
- Floyd! No way! Yeah!
[Floyd chuckles]
Listen up, Mount Rageons!
We are...
frauds!
[crowd gasping, exclaiming]
And we've been literally
torturing little trolls.
[gasping]
We just wanted to be famous.
Honestly, my sister
wanted to be famous,
and, truly, I was too afraid
to stand up to her.
[crowd murmuring]
It's like I don't even know
who you are.
Yeah, you do.
And you asked me
to change anyway.
Which isn't okay.
Family or not.
Crimp, what are you doing?
I was just saying
that I had a change of heart.
You also engaged
in troll-napping,
troll torture, fraud.
- It's just...
- And tax evasion.
I'm gonna have
to repossess your yacht.
Fair enough. Prison it is.
Wow, this is liberating!
[crowd cheering]
So, how you feeling?
Happy.
Grateful.
And...
really sorry that it's taken me
this long to open up to you.
Whoa, TMI! Boundaries, my man.
That is a lot of feelings.
[both laugh]
[crowd cheering]
[growling]
- Um, what just happened?
- Oh, that. [chuckles]
Viva just braided your hair.
It means she likes you.
It means I like you.
We're gonna have
the best family reunion ever.
[Viva] And a big,
long talk with Dad.
[Poppy scoffs]
King of secrets, that guy.
[Viva]
Right? What is his deal?
[Poppy] Oh, he's gonna be
so happy to see you.
Hey, Viva, do you wanna
make candy necklaces
that we never finish
because we eat all the candy?
Great minds think alike, Daddy.
[chuckles]
- Oof, looking good, Bruce.
- You bet.
Hey, down.
No pulling out
Daddy's chest hair! Ow!
Kids, cover your ears.
You look hot.
Honey, break a leg.
Branch, I'm sorry we didn't
get to see you grow up,
but I'm excited to get
to hang out with you now.
Yeah, same here, Clay.
Hey, you wanna join
my sad book club?
It's really cool.
We just sit around and hug
and stuff. And cry.
Yeah, totally.
[crowd chanting]
BroZone! BroZone! BroZone!
What's up?
You got the pre-show jitters?
I can't believe that we almost
missed out on all this.
We may not be the new kids
on the block anymore,
but I'm loving
this new edition of us.
You know, I'm really glad
those 98 degrees of separation
are behind us.
Just as long as we're together.
[chews] Mmm. Hey, you guys
gotta try this menudo.
Guys, are we sure
this is the place?
Well, it does match
the postcard.
"Wish you were here"?
Branch is the only one I know
who talks like that.
Oh, here we go now!
That new song is sick, Branch!
I knew you had it in you.
Oh, yeah, thanks.
It's, you know,
just a little something me
and a few of my buddies
were working on.
What?
[bandmates whistling]
Hey, here they are now.
[whistling continues]
What? You didn't think BroZone
was the only band
I've ever been in, did you?
Please.
Now, these guys know
how to flex the drip.
You are so in sync.
[laughing]
Did you hear what he said?
[chuckles]
I don't get it.
Hey, Branch,
it's almost showtime,
and I was just thinking
maybe we could...
What?
♪ Just let me take you
To a better place ♪
♪ I'm gonna make you
Kiss the sky tonight ♪
♪ Yeah, if you let me
Show the way ♪
♪ Show the way ♪
♪ I'm so excited
To see you excited ♪
Yeah!
♪ I'll take you
To a better place ♪
♪ Yoo-hoo ♪
♪ And, baby,
You can love me on the way ♪
♪ We're flying up
To outer space ♪
♪ I'm so excited
To see you excited, yeah ♪
♪ I like to see you
Lose control ♪
♪ Yeah, yeah ♪
♪ Ain't nobody better
We do it better ♪
♪ I know a place
Say that you'll go with me ♪
♪ Ain't nobody better
We do it better ♪
[crowd cheering, whistling]
♪ Just let me take you
To a better place ♪
♪ Better place ♪
♪ I'm gonna make you
Kiss the sky tonight ♪
♪ Yeah, if you let me
Show the way ♪
♪ Show the way ♪
♪ I'm so excited
To see you excited ♪
♪ I'ma take you
To a better place ♪
♪ Yoo-hoo ♪
♪ And, baby,
You can love me on the way ♪
♪ We're flying up
To outer space ♪
♪ I'm so excited
To see you excited, yeah ♪
♪ So excited ♪
♪ I like to see you
Lose control ♪
♪ Yeah, yeah ♪
♪ Ain't nobody better
We do it better ♪
♪ I know a place
Say that you'll go with me ♪
♪ Ain't nobody better
We do it better ♪
[crowd cheering]
- Yahoo!
- Yeah! Whoo-hoo!
Poppy, I have a small proposal.
- [clears throat] Will you...
- Join the band?
Of course I will.
I thought you would never ask.
You know me too well. Now
get up here and sing with us.
[screams] Viva!
Viva, get up here.
We're in the band!
[screams]
This is my dream life!
♪ The only rule
Is get on your feet ♪
♪ I don't wanna see nobody
Heating up their seat ♪
♪ And if you believe it ♪
♪ If you about it ♪
♪ No matter
Where you're from ♪
The apple don't fall
Far from it ♪
♪ Now people wanna know
When they see us dancing ♪
♪ Wanna know
How we got those moves ♪
♪ People wanna bottle it up
Up, up, up ♪
♪ But no can do ♪
♪ People wanna know
How to find that feeling ♪
♪ Wanna know
How we got that groove ♪
♪ They're thirsty
For the juice ♪
♪ But I'ma tell you
The truth ♪
♪ Ooh ♪
♪ It runs in the family ♪
[vocalizing]
♪ Ooh ♪
♪ It runs in the family ♪
♪ It's all about you and me ♪
[Viva] ♪ Any color
It doesn't matter ♪
[Branch]
♪ The way you're shining ♪
♪ On the inside's
All I'm after ♪
- [Poppy] ♪ A different mama ♪
- [Viva] ♪ A different mister ♪
[Branch] ♪ Talk your talk
And walk your walk ♪
♪ You know
I'm right there with you ♪
♪ And... ♪
[trolls] ♪ People wanna know
When they see us dancing ♪
♪ Wanna know
How we got those moves ♪
♪ People wanna bottle it up
Up, up, up ♪
♪ But no can do ♪
♪ People wanna know
How to find that feeling ♪
♪ Wanna know
How we got that groove ♪
♪ They're thirsty
For the juice ♪
[Branch] ♪ But I'ma tell you
The truth ♪
[trolls] ♪ Ooh ♪
♪ It runs in the family ♪
[vocalizing]
♪ Ooh ♪
♪ It runs in the family ♪
♪ It's all about you and me ♪
♪ Ooh ♪
♪ It runs in the family ♪
[vocalizing]
♪ Ooh ♪
♪ It runs in the family ♪
♪ It's all about you and me ♪
So the nachos was good.
That was a lot of fun.
And then I got to drive
the van. That was cool.
So then we got locked
in the mini golf course,
and there was a giant clown head
that started talking to us, man.
[exhales sharply] Too crazy.
But I'm enjoying the journey.
I'm enjoying the journey.
I'm growing. I'm developing.
I feel strong every day.
But, you know, I thought
I was ready to be a man.
But I'm gonna keep it baby
for a while.
How much I owe you?
This is covered
by insurance, right?
No, I'm out of network.
[trolls] ♪ People wanna know
When they see us dancing ♪
♪ Wanna know
How we got those moves ♪
♪ People wanna know
How we got that feeling ♪
♪ Wanna know
♪ People wanna know
When they see us dancing ♪
♪ Wanna know
How we got those moves ♪
♪ People wanna know
How we got that feeling ♪
♪ It's all about you and me ♪
["Perfect" playing]
["It Takes Two" playing]
[Crimp] Oh, wow. It's like
sunshine in my earholes.